welcome to the man of reach apps it's
house of cards season two Frank
Underwood has just connived his way into
the vice presidency of the United States
meanwhile reporter Zoe Barnes and her
friends are researching his misdeeds
they're tracking down Rachel the former
prostitute who was involved in the Peter
Russo drinking set up Doug finds her
first and is like we got to move she's
like I don't want to move again but he
reminds her that he is not her friend
and he's not asking Zoe confronts Frank
directly and she's like look Frank I'm
okay with some shadiness but did you
kill Peter Russo and he's like now don't
worry I would never kill anyone except
maybe you right now
oh we pushed her in front of the Train
season 1 Zoe's gone now that's so sad
moving on Frank's big opponent this
season is Raymond to tusk the
billionaire businessman who's a close
friend of President Walker and is
basically running the country Frank
can't have this because of course he
wants to be running the country first
though Frank has to find a replacement
for his old job in Congress Majority
Whip he chooses Jackie sharp she's hot
ambitious and willing to do whatever it
takes
French gives her all the dirt he has on
her main opponents and when the other
two realize they're not going to win one
of them makes a deal to give her support
if she'll destroy her longtime family
friend who's bastard child she's been
taken care of
sorry friend nothing personal it's just
politics next on the agenda
Frank has to avoid a government shutdown
because the Democrats and Republicans
can't agree on the age of retirement for
Social Security he gets enough
Republican support to pass the bill but
the rest of them walk out so they can't
have a quorum and Franklin pokes an
ancient parliamentary procedure where he
can have them literally carry back in
Frank ain't messing around the bill
passed the Senate but it still needs to
pass the house so he has Jackie and Remy
Danton go out to whip votes Remy Danton
lobbyist that's working for tusk but
Tuscon Frank are working together on
this one Remy and Jackie sort of start
flirting by the way Frank takes a
one-on-one meeting with his old opponent
Donald Blythe who controls a pretty
sizable voting bloc against the bill
Donald still hates him from one ruined
his education bill last season but while
they're in their white powder in the
mail and you guys remember the anthrax
scare that was though the thing
so basically they're quarantined and
stuck in the meeting now Donald's wife
is going through Alzheimer's and Frank
kind of consoles him about that and is
like hey maybe we get a Alzheimer's
research facility if you support this
bill and he's like you are so slimy
Frank I will never support this some
people am i right meanwhile Frank's wife
Claire underwood is having an interview
they asked her why they never had any
children and she gives the standard
answer but then it's like what about
this old article that speculates you
used to be pregnant and she decides to
admit on air that she had an abort
what now the truth is she's had three
abortions because she was you know young
and dumb obviously she can't say that so
she decides to go with I was raped and
she was actually raped back in college
by one of her classmates who is now a
five-star general that early on the
season Frank had to pin a medal on but
now this guy is in big trouble
anyway the quarantine ends it was
nothing Donald lies still not convinced
but Jackie's like look I'm not Frank I'm
a nice person just work with me on this
and they do so Claire's confident but
there's no evidence of the truth about
her abortions but this guy Seth Grayson
manages to track down the widow of the
doctor that did it and find his old
Journal which proves that she was lying
he doesn't release it though he's using
it as a resume he says look how good I
am at digging up dirt I want to work for
you guys the truth is though that Remy
Danton and tusk hired him to dig up dirt
on the Underwood's
but when Frank confronts him about it
he's like no no the truth truth is I'm
double-crossing Remy because I want to
ride your coattails as high as they'll
go
and Frank's like you're my kind of slimy
I like you now Zoey's reporter friends
what have they been up to the girl bails
because she's scared but Lucas Goodwin
was in love with Zoey so he can't let it
go
he posts from the Deep Web that he wants
to hack phone records and he gets a
response from someone who's like yeah
can hook you up it's the guy from West
world who's a big-time computer hacker
he puts a virus on the dongle that needs
to go into the server so Lucas takes a
tour and just sneakily sneaks it in but
oh it's a sting operation what yeah the
FBI notices if you post online trying to
hack the vice president's phone records
normally they wouldn't care if Doug
Stamper was like we need to put this guy
away
so hacker gyves working with the FBI
because otherwise they would kill his
guinea pig and put him in jail for life
and Lucas Goodwin's like hey you got to
get me out of here but unfortunately he
has zero evidence so he's going to jail
for a long long time Frank goes to see a
Civil War reenactment where he meets his
great-great-grandfather who fought for
the south but the real reason he's there
is a secret meeting with China
Raymond tusk is working with Chinese
billionaires and/or fame to like build a
factory and they're negotiating things
that can't be said out on the official
thing Frank agrees to the deal but he
tells the official delegation to do the
exact opposite he has a double secret
meeting with Vander Fang where he's like
Raymond tusk doesn't control the
government anymore I do
so relations with China fall apart and
Frank manages to blame it on Raymond
tusk so the president's pissed at him
now with tusk in the doghouse Frank
swoops in and becomes BFFs with the
president but then attack ads start
coming at the Democrats hard core where
are they coming from lanagin's casino
Daniel lanagin is a Native American
casino owner who's always supported the
Democrats
he sends Doug to go investigate and he
investigates with his dick he finds out
that Chinese businessmen are flying in
all the time secretly and losing lots of
money there
it's a money-laundering operation
organized by Raymond tusk to influence
American politics with Chinese dollars
so Doug goes to see Xander Feng directly
and is like look we're willing to play
ball we just want to bypass tusk Zender
things like okay if you build this
bridge with Chinese money we'll stop the
attack ads tusk offers to cut Frank in
on the deal but Frank wants none of it
and it is open war so test sends
remnants dig up tomorrow dirt first he
tracks down Claire's fired employee
which leads him to evidence of Claire's
affair with photographer Adam Galloway
last season they spent a whole episode
on the ins and outs of the skin but long
story short Claire and Adam have a huge
falling-out but they do get him to admit
the whole thing was a publicity stunt
they also go after Freddie Frank's
barbecue ribs guy he's going to get a
franchise deal but they leaked the story
that he was a felon and his son pulled a
gun on some reporters so the deal's off
and he has to sell the rib joint finally
tusk wants Remy to get dirt on Jackie
sharp to coerce her to turn on Frank but
the person she's having an affair with
is Remy Denton any sort of loves her so
he goes to Frank he's like hey maybe I'd
back off a bit in exchange for some
insurance plan in case you come out on
top of this battle but Frank turns Remy
in to tusk immediately so now he's fired
and Frank has all the leverage and now
Frank goes on the counter-attack he
leads her reporter to finding the
Chinese money-laundering scheme and this
is super risky because of things go
wrong he could be in big trouble -
during the indictment he just denies
everything but they're like hey we have
Doug Stamper in the casino what's up
with that
so Doug has to cover his tracks starting
with the prostitute Rachel he's got her
set up an apartment in Baltimore or
something and he still visits her all
the time and has her read to him because
they've got a weird like paternal
maternal kind of sexual romantic thing
his feelings are confused
Rachel meets a new friend and long story
short they become roommates and then
become lovers whoa Doug's not happy
about the so he says they have to break
up with her so rachel does which makes
her super sad speaking of weird
relationships Frank Secret Service agent
Edward Meechum he saved his job so he
has his unwavering loyalty and one night
things get weirdly sexual and Claire's
there too and they just all go with it
and have a threesome Frank and Claire
treat this like it's pretty normal and
Meacham is a consummate professional so
it's never mentioned again back to
business though Frank's covered his
tracks and so they release all his
travel logs and he convinces the
President to do the same but the
president and his wife have been having
marital troubles so Claire gives the
name of a discreet
therapist that they can go see on the
side with the travel logs released they
find him though and eventually it comes
out that he prescribed the president
medication and the White House attorney
coached him not to admit that so they're
talking impeachment now the president
starts to realize that maybe Frank isn't
his friend and is working against him so
Frank goes to see Secretary of st.
Catherine Durant he's like hey you want
to take down a president they offer
asylum to Xander Feng the Chinese guy
he's on the run from his own government
now and they get him to admit to working
with Raymond tusk
Raymond tusk is pleading the fifth but
eventually they'll get him so the
president offers to pardon him in
exchange for throwing Frank under the
bus but then Frank secretly meets with
tusk and is like no no I'm going to
impeach the president anyway so you
better throw him under the bus and then
all pardon you quick side story the
hacker guy didn't just fake hack the
phone records he actually did hack all
the phone records for AT&T and he's
using that leverage to get all of his
charges dropped
he's also been tracking Doug Sandberg on
his visits to Rachel and uses that
knowledge to blackmail Doug to make sure
the deal is good
so Doug goes to Rachel he's like sorry
we got to move you again and she kind of
gets the feeling that he's going to kill
her this time so she bailed and he's
driving into the force and all on the
head hit and Rachel bails out of there
leaving Doug for dead back in politics
Frank writes a letter to the president
saying that he is his true friend and
he's willing to take the fall even if it
comes to that the president naively
believes him and is like you know what
Frank I'm gonna call off tusk just try
not to get me impeached of course Frank
is working with Jackie sharp to make
sure he's a peached
so one tusk gets the call that the
president's pardon is off he has no
choice but to trust in Frank
he admits everything and blames it on
the current president so Walker has no
choice but to resign and Frank Underwood
is sworn in as the new President of the
United States and that's how season two
comes to an end thanks for watching the
man of recaps stay tuned for house of
cards season 3 or check out my other
videos for even more recap goodness